docs/src/index.md, before:

```@meta
CurrentModule = PhotometricFilters
```

# PhotometricFilters

This package provides access to, and operations on, photometric filter curves. Such filter curves are defined by a filter's transmission as a function of wavelength. Transmission and wavelength vectors are therefore the foundation of a filter curve, but it is also important to note whether the filter is used for photon counter or energy counter detectors, as the integrals used to calculate statistics over a filter curve are different between these two types of detectors.

## Types

We use the [`PhotometricFilter`](@ref) type to represent photometric filters in this package.

```@docs
PhotometricFilter
```

Users can construct their own filter curvers from raw data using this type.

## Accessing Filter Curves

We provide a modest collection of filter curves through a data dependency. The available filter curves are accessible via the `FILTER_NAMES` module constant,

```@example 1
using PhotometricFilters
PhotometricFilters.FILTER_NAMES |> println
```

These included filter curves can be accessed like so,
```@example 1
using PhotometricFilters: SDSS_u, SDSS_g, SDSS_r, SDSS_i, SDSS_z, fwhm
filts = [SDSS_u(), SDSS_g(), SDSS_r(), SDSS_i(), SDSS_z()]
```

**NOTE THAT THESE INCLUDED FILTER CURVES ARE NOT GUARANTEED TO BE UP-TO-DATE.** If you are using a filter/instrument that may have recently had its filter curves updated (e.g., JWST/NIRCAM), you should use our SVO query interface to make sure you get the most up-to-date filter curves. The SVO filter database can be queried with [`get_filter`](@ref), which returns an instance of [`PhotometricFilter`](@ref).

```@docs
get_filter
```

## Supported Operations
We include functions for performing many common operations on photometric filters, summarized below.

### Applying Filter Curves to Spectra

```@docs
apply
apply!
```

### Statistics
```@docs
PhotometricFilters.central_wavelength
PhotometricFilters.effective_wavelength
PhotometricFilters.pivot_wavelength
PhotometricFilters.min_wave
PhotometricFilters.max_wave
PhotometricFilters.fwhm
PhotometricFilters.width
```


## Index

```@index
```

Commit message:

Implement features from lucasvalenzuela
Ability to parse metadata from SVO, query SVO for metadata, query SVO for filters with specific properties

docs/src/index.md, after:

```@meta
CurrentModule = PhotometricFilters
```

# PhotometricFilters

This package provides access to, and operations on, photometric filter curves. Such filter curves are defined by a filter's transmission as a function of wavelength. Transmission and wavelength vectors are therefore the foundation of a filter curve, but it is also important to note whether the filter is used for photon counter or energy counter detectors, as the integrals used to calculate statistics over a filter curve are different between these two types of detectors.

## Types

We use the [`PhotometricFilter`](@ref) type to represent photometric filters in this package.

```@docs
PhotometricFilter
```

Users can construct their own filter curvers from raw data using this type.

## Accessing Filter Curves

We provide a modest collection of filter curves through a data dependency. The available filter curves are accessible via the `FILTER_NAMES` module constant,

```@example 1
using PhotometricFilters
PhotometricFilters.FILTER_NAMES |> println
```

These included filter curves can be accessed like so,
```@example 1
using PhotometricFilters: SDSS_u, SDSS_g, SDSS_r, SDSS_i, SDSS_z, fwhm
filts = [SDSS_u(), SDSS_g(), SDSS_r(), SDSS_i(), SDSS_z()]
```

**NOTE THAT THESE INCLUDED FILTER CURVES ARE NOT GUARANTEED TO BE UP-TO-DATE.** If you are using a filter/instrument that may have recently had its filter curves updated (e.g., JWST/NIRCAM), you should use our SVO query interface to make sure you get the most up-to-date filter curves. If you know the SVO-designated name of the filter you want, you can use [`get_filter`](@ref) to retrieve its transmission data, which returns an instance of [`PhotometricFilter`](@ref).

```@docs
get_filter
```

If you'd like to perform a search on the filters available through the SVO filter service, you can use [`query_filters`](@ref).

```@docs
query_filters
```

## Supported Operations
We include functions for performing many common operations on photometric filters, summarized below.

### Applying Filter Curves to Spectra

```@docs
apply
apply!
```

### Statistics
```@docs
PhotometricFilters.central_wavelength
PhotometricFilters.effective_wavelength
PhotometricFilters.pivot_wavelength
PhotometricFilters.min_wave
PhotometricFilters.max_wave
PhotometricFilters.fwhm
PhotometricFilters.width
```

## Internal Functions
```@docs
PhotometricFilters.get_metadata
```

## Index

```@index
```
